how long have you programmed the region
radoslaw sikorski
Why did you choose our profession?
first because I was unemployed and according to the comment
How much does a program cost?
it's groundless
there is a set price sdc thing for everything
the girls of the eyes there being no hit on the net
because there is such a difference is that you
but I started to fall
but closer to the island
here is a member thing there are many tables in the program friend phase how is it
Do you see this?
for those who do not have money
I think I failed, they do not want to work solved.
alan does team the beach already
they are the ones they only need
win the book
we control email and success
you are engaged
knowing that she was when I do
That's what I'm saying I'm going home.
do you have kids
I have two kids
and you think that this correct action said two suspects
no longer
my family knows it's not for now the family does not know what I went through
What are you doing?
I need to concentrate
the parish to work pointed out
is this the actress amy I do not have they have to wait for the police report no
wise
with which I pity you but they are old people are men
older wireless
I prefer more serious
inaugurated in June
for what reason
brazilian travelers
the minister who after one year
and we have a friend that many should aim not to pay
is the mount track
What do you do with it the tiger in these programs paid my rent phase
my daughter
the action of the house because they went well
and how do you feel as a human doing programs do you think being a
limit situation
and the river
in my house and what do you do because you like me
in the tent on the plate
but it's always stronger
How old are you
And why did you choose to do this?
how are you now unemployed?
and who the friends that is already in force
They did not call Robinho.
piglet is the mine
insisted
actress who was another language how you can do business are
business are both in the capital of São Paulo
so girls who do not know how to speak another language there is a whole long
productive process per cent
for this there is another way of understanding the price
the gap time is under study by the government
this next phase
they have been occurring now what I do not understand is that the Pope
the place and called the police
and why you target people from the outside because they make you
mothers
we are still on the official list
in 60 days in java leo
you are 27 years old
is beautiful
in health
there is no other
another way to finally get the program done is
logical that there are signs of fire
you work
I have a cautious style, for example, it has a past
What do I have with the club?
I have to spend to see with this time usually works at night in Paris
so I have to comply
and not stay there
the beak my son in the end the person going by with him was very insecure
and here to read I do not have this difficulty
are things you go through
life begins, you believe
it would be as if she turned back and stopped being a prostitute
telephone
the industry
military
my daughters so that there is no
What did you do before this?
she worked
and will try to fulfill
Why did you work?
I would rather not talk
but see how
in the morning it is in the shop ie it does not rain
got to know that other companies and did not get how it was
Can you see me?
he hit
these understand
Oak
click here
maceio
bisphenol de campinas faces england in sixth
fifa has been happening
and right after the interview
and the girls who do the same job as you
they are middle class upper middle class low with the situation of these
people
at least that is the intention
they do with
just what you need
the money paid rent
there is very well
in my case there is no way to leave that whole thing
a car fiesta of more science beyond
indeed the cpi can mount
has a story to tell
the actions without necessity avoiding entering the field in the second half
could be working at night in bolivia but it's no less true
there are some that have passed through your head leave priesthood
as if that were not enough
in this case the case
Good morning, my family knows that the father.
It's a kiss, they'll grow up.
even in the hour
There is a lot going on if it will reinforce the work you would
the work portfolio santa maria